# LaTeXNoteTemplate
My personal $\LaTeX$ note template in Japanese.

# LaTeX Setting
This template is designed to be used with the `xelatex` and `BXjscls` packages.
The default font is set to `BIZUDMincho-Regular` and `BIZUDGothic-Regular`.
Please install the `BIZUDMincho-Regular` and `BIZUDGothic-Regular` fonts before using this template.
Alternatively, you can change the font settings in the `main.tex` file.

## Usage
To build the document, run the following command:
```bash
make
```

The default behavior of the `make` command is silent.

If you need to see the output of the commands, run the following command:
```bash
make verbose
```

The `Makefile` assumes that the target file is `main.tex`.

If you would like to change the target file, modify the `TEX_MAIN` variable in the `Makefile`.

The `Makefile` can accept multiple `.tex` files that are included or inputed in the `main.tex` file.

# LaTeXNoteTemplate
This repository contains my personal LaTeX note template.

## LaTeX Setting
This template is optimized for use with the `xelatex` compiler and requires the `BXjscls` package. 
The default fonts utilized are `BIZUDMincho-Regular` and `BIZUDGothic-Regular`. 
It's essential to have these fonts installed before using the template. However, you can easily customize the font settings within the `main.tex` file to suit your preferences.

## Usage
To compile the document, execute the following command in your terminal:

```bash
make
```

By default, the `make` command operates silently.
However, if you wish to view the output of each command, you can use:

```bash
make verbose
```

You can also use the `make clean` command to remove the pdf file generated by the `make` command.

The `Makefile` assumes that the primary $\LaTeX$ file is named `main.tex`. 
If you want to specify a different file name, you can adjust the `TEX_MAIN` variable within the `Makefile`.

Furthermore, the `Makefile` is designed to handle multiple `.tex` files that are included or inputted within the `main.tex` file.

